
## Guidelines for Obtaining a CA Issued SSL Digital Server Certificate 

<!-- theme: info -->

> :memo: _**Note:** All well-known CAs allow a client to apply for an SSL Digital Server Certificate online. Typically, this process begins with the Client filling out information about the company the certificate will be purchased for, contact information, and providing proof of valid company documentation._ 

The CA will also require that the Client provide a Certificate Signing Request (CSR). A CSR is a text file generated by a client web server; it contains information about the organization. The CA will use the CSR to generate and validate certificates for the Client, and most web server vendors include support tools that can be used to generate this file. Below are some general guidelines for creating a CSR. Clients should review web server documentation specific to their server for the actual procedural steps needed to create a CSR. 
&nbsp;

<div class="card-body">
<ul>
<li>A CSR file can usually be named anything the Client chooses. </li>

<li>The Client will typically be asked to enter a name for the key to be embedded in the certificate, and a corresponding private password. Take whatever steps are necessary to remember the password since it will be needed when the Client installs the CA issued certificate on a web server after the CA has sent back the certificate information. </li>

<li>When creating the CSR, you will be asked to enter your company’s name and associated organizational information. You will also need to enter the Common Name (CN) of the certificate. Typically, the CN value entered is domain based—meaning if you wanted to secure the domain move funds money.com, then you would enter that domain as the CN value.  </li>

<li>When requesting a certificate via a CA’s web site, the Client will be asked to submit the contents of the CSR file just created. The easiest way to do this is to open the CSR file as a text document, and then copy and paste the file data directly into the CA’s request form. </li></br>

</ul>
</div>

After a CA accepts the support documentation and CSR provided by the Client, the CA will then generate two digital certificates for the Client: a CA root certificate and the SSL Digital Server Certificate the Client (i.e., principal) has requested. The Client needs to install the server certificate on all web servers responsible for handling requests/response for the domain originally entered as the certificate CN value. The root certificate should be placed in each web server’s trusted root store (if not already there), and a copy should also be provided to Fiserv. </br>

The actual installation of the server certificate is web server vendor dependent and, therefore, will vary. The usual generic install process usually resembles the following: 

<div class="card-body">
<ul>

<li>Open your web server’s Key Manager.  </li>

<li>Find the key created as part of the CSR creation process and look for the option that allows you to install the associated key certificate. </li>

<li>Select the file sent to the CA and, when prompted, enter the (private) password created as part of the CSR process.  </li>

<li>Follow all remaining instructions to the letter, and make sure to commit all changes when asked to do so.  </li>

<li>After the Client has installed the server certificate on all required web servers, SSL will need to be enabled for the domain the certificate was issued for. The way to do this is web server vendor specific, but most of the time it involves selecting the web site the Client wants to secure, accessing the web site’s security properties, and then selecting the option that will ensure that a secure channel is required when accessing this resource option is selected. 128-bit encryption should also be specified, as does the client certificate authentication method desired. Normally the Client would want to select the require client certificates option to ensure that only those servers providing the correct certificate will be granted access to the protected web site.   </li>

</ul>
</div>
<div class="debit-card-button-container">
<div class="debit-card-left-button">
<a href="?path=docs/getting-started/TN-Integration-Guide/Digital-Certificates.md">Back</a>
</div>
</div>

&nbsp;


<style>
    .card-body ul {
        list-style: none;
        padding-left: 20px;
    }
    .card-body ul li::before {
        content: "\2022";
        font-size: 1em;
        color: #f60;
        display: inline-block;
        width: 1em;
        margin-left: -1em;
    }
    .debit-card-button-container {
        position: relative;
        width: 100%;
        height: 30px;
        font-family: sans-serif;
        margin: 0px 15px;
    }
    .debit-card-left-button a{
        position: absolute;
        display: inline;
        border: 0px;
        background: rgb(255, 102, 0);
        color: rgb(255, 255, 255);
        padding: 8px 22px;
        cursor: pointer;
        border-radius: 4px;                                
        text-align: center;
        text-decoration: none;
        transition: all 0.3s ease;
    }
    .debit-card-left-button a{ 
        left: 0;
    }
    .debit-card-left-button a:hover{
        color: #f60;
        background-color: white;
        border: 2px solid #f60;
    }

    </style>

    